a shame in Spain of the situation as it
is right now confirmed it is
supposedly that
well it is confirmed that it is
planned that he kills him, he dismembers him
and that first he hides the body and then he
ends up confessing,
collaborating and it is shown that there were
extortions and threats involved but
the confession here has no effect
for one reason
no I mean yes yes it is like evidence but it
is not an extenuating circumstance I mean the
confession is an extenuating circumstance if you
confess
before the
investigation is directed towards you, that
is to say if you confess once they have already
arrested you that they already know that it was
you that they already have evidence against you, maybe
that is not useful
when when you being able not to confess and
being able to get away with it, you are the one who
brings the police to your, to your house, not to your
story that is an extenuating circumstance it is an
extenuating circumstance that is qualified but in this
case I do not see the confession as an
extenuating circumstance in this sense in Spain
taking into account the aggravating circumstances of
prevalence of premeditation I do
not know if there is  cruelty or We
wouldn't have to see it okay But if they
put everything there is out there the
whole package a ppr could get him a
life sentence revisable and if not well
then his 40 years could fall it does
n't happen that in the end you have a
maximum time served to the sentence and these
things when you reach two thirds the
grade progression and such Well but
let's go here too if he's going to spend
a few years in jail the people who say
no no that eight years he's in
jail no I'm telling you no
Miguel calcaño has already been in jail for 14 and he has 7 left of
course or not there and we're talking about
before the current Reform not what
Miguel carcaña
with what with Miguel carcaño but
of course now that they're saying that he has
a second or third girlfriend that he
's trying to get pregnant well
I thought that jail was
like more punishable to have served a
jail time like you've met a girl and you've
had a relationship with a girl To
the point that It's good that you're
living a life with her because you've
decided to have children no then Of course there
is a difference  maybe not
in time but of course
in the sense of you How did you meet that
girl by letter probably the guy
receives a thousand letters a week and from girls
of these mythomaniacs that What about I don't know what
good And you go and another thing no but they
have a lot of time for these things to
open up they will have sent a thousand letters
each there comes a time when you request to be
able to speak on the phone with that
person you
speak on the phone with that person and
when you say Look this person is my
partner you already have the right a visa a
month an intimate a such and such with a
person you can't say this is my
girlfriend and this and this and this and this I mean
no you have a partner of
course and with that partner you have the right
to your
intimate visits and communication and these things
no then Well then yes yes he can
sleep with her once a month or whatever
time it is and in Spain Come on the way
things are here in Spain the way
things are like that we would be
talking about something realistic that he
spends 20 years in jail What is
not 20 years in jail and
then he has a record all his life
the least anyone could do with
anything
immediately inside and with
no aggravating circumstances and with ease to enter
no
however
in Thailand he could get the death penalty it
is possible that they will commute it it is possible
that they will commute it to a
life sentence and
what they are talking about now they were
there what to me really that the
journalists man I mean I don't know what
they study in that journalism degree I
really don't know what they study But anyway they
weren't saying that if they were going to
request extradition that is not knowing what extradition is I mean extradition consists of a person commits a crime in my country in my country and
then the Ione leaves okay the script and steals the van Okay and he steals the van in Spain and runs off to Brazil Okay then Spain requests the extradition to Brazil of Dioni so that he comes here to be judged in Spain for the
crime that he has committed in Spain that is
an extradition that would be if the guy
instead of having confessed or having gone to the
police station to report torrcante if
there were things of the following the plane
to Spain and then they catch him Then
those from Thailand always  It
's Thailand I would ask for the traditions of
this gentleman. I also tell you that
countries usually have
the custom of not extraditing nationals,
okay, I mean, you can request the
extradition of a guy from Thailand for
whatever, but Mr. Thai, it's difficult for them to
give it to you, no, and Spain is not either. Spain
is also very reluctant to extradite
nationals, I mean, it is reluctant, okay,
for various issues of
universal jurisdiction for various issues. But well, it
would be a Master's degree that we are not going to extradite
crimes in other countries,
you pay wherever you have committed it if you
have done something that is a crime.
Maybe you live in Spain and there is something
that is not a crime here but you do it in
a country that is a crime. Or on the contrary, you
do something that there you already have a
cause for exoneration from extradition.
For there to be extradition, it has to be a
crime in both countries, in both countries, in
the extraditing country and in the
requesting country, for there to be, for example, what
happened to us now with Puigdemont, that if in
Belgium the crime of sedition was not the
same as I don't know what. And since there was no
double incrimination, they did not want to
extradite this man.  that already
happens with other types of things but in
this case there is no tradition in this
case of what is being talked about or what they
are asking for what the family is going to ask for
and they are going to ask for it I have
no doubt is that the sentence is served in
Spain the sentence that is imposed in
Thailand should be served in Spain now
Thailand has
rules for that and one of the rules that
Thailand has for that is that yes yes
very well but the first eight years
You serve them here
the first eight years of your sentence you
serve them there it
is not a minimum of 8 it is a minimum of a
minimum of 8 it is a minimum it is better to die
eh
we are talking about [ __ ] 8 years
in the prison of bancaptido it is that of
course the people my goodness we are going to
see a lot of people
many times it seems that the
murderer is being whitewashed but like [ __ ]
in Thailand you don't kill anyone You know
without a doubt But look I
have the idea that I am in
jail many times obviously
working No not intern and such And I have
an approximate idea of ​​what the
approximate prison is Okay and people I
think they have the idea of  that here in
Spain it's a spa and I don't know what And such
And well 10 years in prison let's
see 10 years is one day and another day and
another day and another day and so on until 365 one
day at 8 in the morning to 9 in the
morning to 10 in the morning to 11 in
the morning and so on twenty-four hours and
another and another and another a month in jail
is Look, it happened to me I had a client
who also came to me with a
prison order dude no he didn't contact
me until he already had the
prison order and he said get me out of
here get me out of here get me out of here a
kid was there he had to serve three
months okay I'm not lying he served two in the
end because we requested the third degree he was a
first-time offender I don't know what And such
those two months both he and his family
calling me Every day but but
get me out of here get me out of here get me out of here I mean be
careful for a
normal person a month in jail is  milk
is milk, so for a criminal,
well, you even have a roof and you
're there like it's your house. You're already there for
them, you're already imprisoned. You're
clearly absolutely institutionalized,
not really, but [ __ ], I mean,
in Thailand there's the death penalty, what are we
talking about, Pablo, that they give you
a sentence that means you're supposed to die, yes, yes, yes, yes,
yes, I don't know exactly how they
execute it, if by hanging, I
imagine,
or how. Yes, yes, but they kill you, but there is
death, they kill you. I
mean, there's one and in Thailand there's a
sentence, they'll also do a sentence,
also
condemned to death, it's
not, I
mean, in Asia, in China it also
exists, I do
n't know if you agree with me,
but there are crimes, there are crimes that can get
you hanged for political crimes,
in China, that is, for corruption,
imagine here in Spain there is a crime, there is a
crime of things to children or murders
or serious things that are done with
torture or that are done with, you know, and they're for,
listen to me, your horn
asks for it, your body asks for it, what happens is that
precisely I think it's we have to be
civilized enough
not to do what the  body I'll
give you an example look at the states in the United
States where the
death penalty exists they are very few
the number of crimes has not decreased and I'll
explain why
the first thing they tell you is good is that
only for very serious cases men, just
for a traffic ticket they are not going to
kill you obviously No It is logical that it
is only for very serious cases but
even if they decreased a little and the
premeditated crime that carries
the death penalty
decreased, that is to say they decreased, the crimes in which there is
premeditation, the planned crime decreased You
know those that we see at night on
the specialized channels not from the neighbor I do
n't know what those types of crimes decrease in
the states where there is the death penalty but
nevertheless
the crime of passion increases from the neighbor
who was going to die with you takes out the
shotgun shoots you twice and then
the police surrenders, that is to say that increases
Why Because the state itself is
sending a message to its population that
sometimes it is lawful to kill, I
mean when the state itself tells you
man there are people that it is lawful to
kill, I'm
not going to say it in exact words
because
YouTube
a  one
to a very small minor a son of the
great
Imagine the most the biggest torture
you can think of and such listen to me
loudly but if it's my family I'll
take him down and then I'll pay for whatever
jail time I pay And also I'm too
dedicated to making resources for the rest
of the prisoners and he's going to be the most popular guy
there or so no I don't want to say I'll
take them down but I have to
admit that I shouldn't take them
down I mean this is how it is no then
when if the state itself tells you that
sometimes it's lawful to kill the
only thing that can make you go crazy
Is that this guy deserved to die
for whatever reason because he's been
pissing me off for 20 years or because I ca
n't stand it anymore or because that's the
problem with the death penalty is that in the
end there's no reduction in crimes
because you impose the death penalty
So from a utilitarian point of view it
works
What kind of sentences do you think really
make criminals think
twice or even not commit crimes again
Pablo Look there  a career that is
four years is a degree and that is only
dedicated
to trying to investigate
why we commit crimes or rather why we don't
commit crimes no, I mean, why commit crimes the
reason for the link that is why the
others don't commit crimes which is
criminology and they spend four years
studying to try to answer that
question that doesn't have an answer or doesn't
have an easy answer not how we
managed to lower them how we managed to
lower crimes well And I don't know Listen, I don't
know, nobody has that answer there are
countries in which
the countries in which there is less crime
are those in which there are
stronger informal social networks What is
the informa social network the informal social network
is your family your group of
friends your acquaintances your the people who
how to tell you the people who would
turn their backs on you if you
outline yourself, I mean you throughout
your life you have surrounded yourself with people it has
been doing favors for people it has been
living with them there are many times
that you would have slapped more than one
and you haven't done it you have been
investing a series of effort and  of
social capital so to speak
to have an image in front of
others an image that would go to [ __ ]
if you outline
if what scares you is not going to
jail because you don't know what it's like I mean
No you don't know what jail is like
So you can't be afraid of something that
is unknown to you what scares you
is losing your family
losing your relationships losing your
friends losing your apartment losing all those
things no that is what makes you not
commit crimes Or is that what I understand it is
my perception
the one who doesn't have those things has less to
lose
the one who is more the one who learned to steal
because his father taught him to steal well
boy when your paternal role model
steals someone explains to you that
stealing is wrong they
are saying in the chat they have posted a
comment in the chat that they say that the
interviewer that I don't know which of the two
considers the interviewer but the
interviewer says that he is unprofessional
it seems that they are having a chat
between colleagues we sue Pablo
[Laughs]
what the press is saying that
this could That
you see that I believed like many
times to see the topics that maybe we
we move, the spirit, the intention are taken into account, I do
n't know what, no, the press is
saying that the fact that it is
confirmed that there are certain threats and
certain serious extortions could
either help so that the sentence is not so
serious or help him spend less
time in Thailand, is this possible?
I understand that no, I understand that for
an extenuating circumstance, because we are talking about
what would be an extenuating circumstance, not these threats
and such, because let's see, there is no
extenuating circumstance of, it's that he deserved it, it's that he had
earned it, that extenuating circumstance does not exist,
which seems to be what they want to say
here, no,
the extenuating circumstance would be a state of
necessity or temporary mental alienation
or such,
you see it because I don't see it,
I don't see that extenuating circumstance. And then, hey,
the sentence goes from so many years to so many years
in a range of so much to so much depending on
the seriousness of the act and that's it, and if there are
aggravating circumstances, well, it will be in its
upper half and if there is an extenuating circumstance, it will be in its
lower half and that's it, whether
he was a good or a bad
person, it is indifferent, whether they had
argued a lot or little, it is indifferent  Look you
were saying before that a
dissatisfied client says that she sent two
hitmen and she sent them to do what they have to do that she
sent them
because let's see, I don't know if they send hitmen to me I
kill myself
no well
but but that's why you send two hitmen
Yeah well let's see maybe I watch a lot of
movies that thank God
[Music]
in a maybe safer environment no
but in the movie it looks like maybe they
gave you a little scare not that they actually
kill you but to give you a little scare
so that you don't do this so that they don't
do that you know So
maybe but a little scare I understand I understand
that a little scare so that you comply certain
is that they beat you up but really
badly I mean that's what I understand by a
scare is two people coming and
insulting you or I mean I don't know I don't know the
Cali Cartel doing those things but I don't know
if it was that Amanda came to them or that he
threatened her with something else no I do
believe that but listen to me It's that  a guy from a party, a guy from a
party, a guy who owns
an orchestra, said that he was going to send me
two Kosovars, so
no, sometimes these are also ways
of expressing yourself and it's not real, there are many times, damn,
how many times have I come to you
and told you Pablo, eh, I
really like to demand. No, I really
want to see you again
Pablo. This and you tell me Javi, these are
ways of speaking. Javi. These are things
that are said because I don't know what, but it's not
a real thing for it to be real.